The War for the Dominance of Milky Way

It has been twenty earth years since the war for the dominance of Milky Way began. Many planets with intelligent beings have been decimated by Andromedans. The inhabitants of Milky Way galaxy were always at war with each. They only united when the Andromeda Empire invaded the Milky Way Galaxy. The initial planets that opposed Andromedans were quickly enslaved. After witnessing the might of Andromeda Empire, different races of Milky Way combined forces to defend against the new threat. 
By the time this new union was formed damage was already done. Andromeda Empire had taken down many of the most advanced races in the Milky Way galaxy. The union was no match for an ancient and powerful empire. Technologically Milky Way Union was more advanced than Andromeda Empire but they had divided visions. Many of the most advanced civilizations were already destroyed. On the brink of defeat, all the races of Milky Way Union combined their knowledge to make soldiers that exceed any natural-born creature. 
Captain Mikhail was one of the super soldiers. Even among these evolved soldiers, he was considered one of the best. Physically he was not the best but his mind was on a different level. Humans were one of the most inferior races when it comes to wisdom but this experiment has made Mikhail a trump card of Union. He would undertake the impossible takes and somehow make them possible.  Many in the Union were already plotting to take him down. They thought that after the war he might side with humans and pose danger to other races. 
Milky Way Union has decided to create a barrier that would stop anything from entering into the galaxy. The barrier would only last for two hundred earth years. This mission was the most complicated mission since the War of Dominance began.  Captain Mikhail launched the barrier before the intended time which took everyone by surprise. The great scouting power of Andromeda Empire failed. The barrier took down three warships along with Captain. Most of the details regarding that battle have been lost. The sacrifice of one Captain halted a war that would have ended many civilizations.  

© 2019 Otakar Molnár López